[THEME MUSIC]
>>JASON QUITT: All right,
so the solar ratio.
So at equinox, if you're
standing at the equator
on Earth, if you're right on
the equator and on the equinox,
the sun is directly
above you at 0 degrees.
And then during the solstices,
it goes 23.5 degrees this way,
23.5 degrees this way.
As we move up the latitude,
let's say we go to Egypt,
the North Star rises
on the horizon, OK?
So as you move north,
the star, the North Star
moves higher into the sky.
This is how we get latitudes.
At Giza, Egypt is about
30 degrees latitude,
which means the North Star
is 30 degrees in the sky.
That's what it means.
And when you're moving it
up, it pushes the sun down.
So every latitude
on Earth, the sun
will be different, all right?
So the sun at the equator
is right above you,
but the sun at 30
degrees, it's pushing
the sun 30 degrees South.
Does that make sense?
So just pushing the sun down.
So here's the yearly
path of the sun at Giza.
So you get these
lines, which is--
the highest point is the summer
solstice, middle of the equinox.
The lowest point of the
sun is the summer solstice.
And it looks like this,
these three curved lines.
So it's the sun is
taking these three
steps up during the year and
then three steps down back
to winter.
And you get this ratio.
So look at this,
the eye of the sun.
So if you take these three
circles at the location,
you put them together,
you get this picture
that looks like an eye, right?
This eye is a ratio of
the sun in that latitude.
So let's go to Peru,
the Gate of the Gods.
And it has this doorway.
And everybody talks about
this doorway, right?
We all know this doorway, right?
Look very carefully
at this doorway.
Do you see these lines on
these-- on this doorway?
And I've been there.
This is my picture.
They say these
are natural lines,
natural formations, right?
But what if I measure it?
These lines are at 23.5 degrees
again, and at 15 degrees.
I didn't really get
into 15 degrees.
15 degrees is the movement
of the sun per hour.
So the sun moves in the
sky 15 degrees per hour.
So you do 24 times 15, you
get 360 circle, all right?
So this is the eye of the sun of
Peru, which is very different.
Look, it's a much
different ratio.
So I'm like, OK, let's see if
this ratio fits on this image.
Also, the door is tilted.
It has, like, a tilted
door at 16 degrees,
which is the latitude.
And then we place
the eye of the sun,
and the winter solstice cuts
the door exactly where it is.
And if you take those ratios
and you put it in the door,
it's a perfect match.
This is a calendar.
The door is a calendar.
It's called the
hidden door, where
at a certain time
of the year, the sun
passes through the doorway,
which is the equinox.
And if you look
closely at this image,
you can even see
these lines carved
into the side of this door, it
measures the shadow of the sun.
So if you were trained, you can
look at the shadow of the sun
and know what time
of year it is.
It's a calendar.
And then when there's
no shadow, the sun
is going right through the door.
It's the equinox.
Didn't Jesus say I am the door?
Right?
OK, so the local legends
say that an Incan priest who
had the golden disk
of the sun placed
the disk in the doorway, which
was the key to open the door.
This is the same false door
solar theme retold in Sumeria
in Egypt, where the sun
is able to open the door
and pass through
it on special days.
During a specific
day of the year,
the sun will pass
through this doorway.
This is the purpose
and key to the site.
So they're literally
telling you what it is,
but I'm showing you
exactly how it works.
And here it is, the eye of
the sun and the false doors
going back to Sumeria.
You see these two false doors.
And this is in the tombs.
The Egyptian tombs
used false doors.
And it's the same story.
The spirit, the soul,
the sun can only
pass through at a very
specific day of the year
so that it could regain
its ka, its energy.
So on very special days, the sun
would pass through these doors.
And now we're going to get
into the solar ratios, which
I discovered from this
image, which is Shamas.
And everybody looks at this
and they're saying you know,
Shamas is a giant,
Annunaki, this and that.
Like, look at the size of
these dinky people, right?
But it's symbolism, all right?
If you take these three people--
they're actually the three
suns-- if you put them together,
they equal the height
of Sunesh, which
is all the suns, all right?
But that's not what
I want to talk about.
Nobody really knows about
what these tools are.
It's like, you know,
ancient aliens mystery.
What are these
tools he's holding?
If you measure the
tool, that rod,
and you put it from the top
of his finger to his elbow,
it's exactly the same length.
That's the cubit measuring.
That's a ruler stick.
It's the cubit
measuring ruler stick.
And when you measure it
going across his fingers,
you're also-- it's
cutting the fingers
at exactly 23.5
degrees and 15 degrees.
And this is what
you're looking at.
You're looking at the cubit.
The cubit is your arm.
This is the measurement
from the base of your elbow
to the tip of your
middle finger.
This is the measuring stick.
You are the measuring
stick of the universe.
And a royal cubit is
just four more fingers
on top of the fingers there.
So you get the royal cubit.
And you could divide--
you can divide the cubit
in many different ways.
So you could divide it by
the hand and then the arm.
That's like two divisions.
It's almost like-- so one
cubit, one hand, one arm.
And then you could
also divide that
into 10, which is
really easy to do.
So I just put the ratios here
from 1 to 10 of the cubit.
Now, here's the solar ratio.
This is where I figured it out.
So I got the solar
ratio of Sumeria,
where this artifact was
found at 31.3 degrees.
And it created these
three circles, right?
Well, I overlaid those
circles around Shamas's hand,
and it was 100% perfect match.
So that circle that he's
holding in his hands
is the ratios of the
sun at the equinox
and the solstice at the
latitude of Sumeria,
where this artifact was found.
So they encoded the information
of the sun into these images.
Even their symbols,
if I took these ratios
and I put it into the symbols,
they were exact matches too.
So these symbols were
made from these ratios.
And just simply, like--
I could really get
into the pyramid.
but just simply put, if you
take the cubit at a 1-to-1 ratio
and you put it on the pyramid,
you can see, very easily,
how the pyramid was designed.
How they figured out where to
put things and the distances
between things.
They're just using the ratios
of the cubit and the sun.
Because remember
from the beginning,
the pyramids are to
bless and honor the sun.
They're solar symbolism.
So how is the hand of the
arm part of solar symbolism?
Like I said, you are
the measuring stick.
You know, if you hold
your arm out like this,
you stick your arm out to your
hand and you look with your eye
to your hand, the eye to the
hand with an outstretched arm,
you put it to the horizon
and the sun is in the sky,
each hand is one hour of time.
So you can count how many
hours are left in the daytime.
So you are the timekeeper.
Your body is the sun and
your hands are the degrees.
So you can see you could measure
45 degrees, 15 degrees, 23.5
degrees, 15 degrees.
The sun-- sorry.
The whole world is in your
hands, all the ratios.
So you were the measuring tool.
This is the secret
of the ancients,
is that they could
just put their hands up
and they could measure, tell
time, do all these things
just by looking at their hand.
Eye to the hand.
And this is the secret of
Leonardo da Vinci's Vitruvian
Man.
And this is Zohar
Man, Zohar Man,
because you are
connected to everything.
So if I put the 23.5 degrees,
the 15 degrees, Leonardo
and this artist both
encoded those images.
You are the solar
person, all right?
You are made from the
proportions of heaven and Earth.
And this is what
Thoth is showing us.
So this is Thoth from
the Temple of Abydos,
and it's showing you
these different angles.
The cubit, his hand
is at 10 degrees,
23.5 degrees from his eye down.
And from his arm up, the side
is 23.5 degrees to his beak.
So it's his whole body
is in these proportions.
These aren't just-- again,
these aren't just artists
making pictures.
These are scientists
literally drawing things
to show you something else.
And just to show you that, like,
you can find this anywhere,
like, I'm not just
handpicking things, so I said,
OK, I'm just going to take
an image from Graham Hancock
because he posted
this and, you know--
so someone posted this picture.
And I'm going to zoom
right in on this.
You see in that hand,
it's like holding
this ankh and the
was-scepter and it's
putting it in their face.
Let me zoom in on this.
Look at this symbol.
15 degrees, like I said, is the
movement of the sun in the sky.
With the was, if you follow the
heads of the was, 23.5 degrees.
And from the head of the
walls to the person's eye
is 45 degrees, just like what
we saw in the Leonardo da Vinci,
like, couple
thousand years later.
He's using the same
geometry over and over
again because everything you see
in Egypt, if it's a solar motif,
will follow this
principle exactly.
So these images are just encoded
with all these solar symbols,
solar ratios, solar angles.
Like, I could decode this, and
I only partially decoded this
because every part of
this image has a purpose.
So think about that.
Every single part,
even the armbands--
every part of this body
was done meticulously
to teach you something
or to show you something.
It's not just an image.
So here's the ankh.
And everybody's like,
what's the ankh?
Well, if you put 23.5 degrees
on it, it actually is perfect.
So it just shows you that
it's designed for the sun.
It's the key of life.
It's the sun and the Earth.
When you put the
cubit through it,
every part of the cubit,
the division of the cubit
is in the ankh.
The entire division of
the cubit is in the ankh.
Now, this ankh was
found in Saqqara,
so about 30 degrees
North latitude.
So I took the ratios and I
put it over the ankh, and even
the ankh, the
circles matched 100%
identical to the solar ratios.
And then on the ankh
are these lines.
And these lines are the deacons.
The 10 days of the year,
every 10 day is a deacon.
And so this follows the
yearly path of the sun.
And even on the ankh-- this
is from Tutankhamun's tomb.
It's a mere box.
Look at the imagery on the ankh.
It has the three suns.
And we're always talking
about the three suns.
And you have the center sun,
which is above the beetle.
and then the two suns
are the two serpents.
We keep seeing
these two serpents.
But here's the secret.
Do you see the eye
of the serpent?
If you put it from the base
of the lotus of the ankh
and you go up into there,
eye, what do you get?
23.5 degrees, the eyes.
Same thing with this.
This is the back of
Tutankhamen's chair.
The whole image is 23.5
degrees because this
is the secret of the pyramids.
Here is the cubit ratioed up.
And it shows you how it's
laid out as in the cubits.
But here is where
it gets incredible.
If I take the soul ratios at
30 degrees and create this eye,
and I put this eye over
Khufu, Khafre, and Menkaure,
Khufu's ratios are in
the summer solstice.
Khafre's ratios
are in the equinox.
Menkaure's is in the winter.
The ratios itself are
encoded into each pyramid.
It's like, you know,
when you get the key
and it just opens the
door and you're like,
I can't believe
this actually works?
I didn't even have to do this.
I didn't even have
to second try this.
It's just the first time I
tried it, it worked, you know?
Because this is the secret.
It's the sun and the Earth and
the movement through the stars
is how they created
the intelligence
behind these monuments.
So the hidden solar motif.
So everybody is looking at
Akhenaten and they're saying,
you know, he's so alien, right?
The reason he's alien is
Akhenaten wanted to be the sun.
He wanted to be seen as the sun.
So he put the ratios
of the sun in his body.
He changed his appearance to
fit the ratios of the sun.
And I'll show you this.
So this is an image.
If you go right
through the center,
you can see that through
his eyes are 23.5 degrees.
From his belly button,
it goes through the eyes
of the two children.
From her arm, it goes
through 23.5 degrees,
the eyes of the other children.
Everything in this image
is based on 23.5 degrees.
And so now I'm going to
do the cubit on this.
Every part of this image is
also done in the cubit ratio.
Now, I just put the solar
ratio here of where this is,
and depending on
the sun, their heads
are in different ratios
that are exact to the sun
in that location.
So now we're going to get
into the Dendera lights.
Again, look at this.
The blue lines are 15
degrees and the red lines
are 23.5 degrees.
Going from the
eyes to the navel,
all the eyes and
the navels line up
to 23.5 degrees and 15 degrees.
And again, the two serpents.
What are the two serpents?
It's the movement of the
sun between the solstices.
Even the Djed Pillar is
tilted at 23.5 degrees.
Now, if I overlay the cubit
ratios over this image,
you get something really,
really interesting.
If you add up the
distance of this,
you get 36.5 cubit or 365
days of the solar year.
OK, so this image is actually
a calendar of the solar year.
Now, I'm going to jump from
Egypt all the way to Birthing
Rock, in Utah.
Look at the shape
of these beings.
Look at the serpent.
Their bodies are 23.5
degrees, cutting the serpent.
But it gets even crazier.
If I overlay the cubit over
it, just like I did in Egypt,
you get the exact same results.
You get 365 days.
So how is there
a calendar that's
exactly the same geometry
wise and cubic wise
from Egypt and Utah?
How is that possible,
unless somebody taught them
how to do this?
And if you look at
the bodies, here's
the solar ratio from
Utah at 39 degrees.
And you can see on the far
right, the smallest one,
see how he has the legs, they're
kind of like a flat line?
It goes right to the
winter solstice ratio.
As he's standing up, it's
going to the equinox.
He doesn't have a
head, by the way.
And as he's standing
up, goes to the summer.
So even the three
deities are representing
the stepping up or the standing
up of the sun during the year.
Again, it's like the Djed
Pillar is at 23.5 degrees.
It's the rising of the Djed.
You understand?
It's the rising of the
sun, movement of the Earth.
Here is an artifact
from Karahan Tepe.
Very weird artifact.
But I want you to look at
what's on this artifact.
We've seen that petroglyph
all over the place.
I've already shown
you this petroglyph.
What does that
petroglyph represent?
It's the summer
solstice sun, right?
And underneath it,
you've got these four
lines and two vertical lines
and four lines under that.
This is probably the oldest
representation of a Djed Pillar
on the planet from Turkey.
This is about 12,000 years old.
Now, I took this,
like, I copied this
and I put it over a Djed
Pillar from the Valley
of the Queens in Egypt,
and it was literally
a perfect match in ratio.
And this is-- what is it?
8,000 years difference or
7,000 years difference.
You have but the same thing
in two different places?
And again, it follows exactly
the ratios of the cubit.
So this knowledge of
the cubit and the sun.
Goes back 12,000 years.
It has not been broken.
So here's the very famous
pillar 43 at Gobekli Tepe.
And I'll just go back.
Everybody's looking at this
and going, oh, you know,
the handbags, everybody's
talking about the handbags.
It's not a handbag.
It's the horizon of
the Earth and the arc
of the sky, the path of the sun.
Remember, I told you,
the secret is the eyes?
If you take the eyes,
the point of the eyes
and you draw them
to match each other,
every eye connects in this
picture at 24 degrees.
Guess what.
The Earth's tilt was 24
degrees 12,000 years ago.
It wasn't 23.5.
It was 24 degrees.
OK?
And when I put the
solar ratio over it,
the ratios fit perfectly.
Look at the solar ratio
for Turkey on the handbags.
The winter solstice
fits perfectly.
The equinox fits perfectly.
And the summer solstice
fits perfectly.
The ratios are right in the
handbags, exactly the same.
And what's really interesting
is by the handbags,
they show you a baby
bird on the far left,
squirrel in the middle, and
a frog at the far right.
During the winter
solstice, that is
when all the birds lay and
hatch their eggs in Turkey.
During the equinoxes,
that is the time
when squirrels are the most
active, both equinoxes.
And in summer solstice, that's
when the frogs awaken and start
singing.
So even without
knowing this, they're
showing you the animal
for each season of the sun
right there on the pillar.
And also, the pillar showing
you all these other lines that
was cut in half, it's actually
showing you the path of the sun
through the Zodiac of heaven.
It's showing you Cygnus, Aquila,
Lyra, Draco, the North pole,
the North ecliptic pole, the
celestial pole, showing you
underneath Scorpius,
Hydra, Lupus,
and Taurus and then the duck.
Nobody understands the duck.
But the duck is the Earth, and
the oldest gods of the Earth
were duck gods, if
you believe it or not.
It's an interesting story.
The reason ducks
are so important is
because a duck dives
under the water,
so the duck is able to
live in the underworld.
It goes on land.
Walks on land.
And it could fly in the air.
So the duck was the master
of the three worlds.
That's why they were
considered the greatest
god, because they were the--
they had dominion
on three worlds.
That's why the
duck was important.
But what you're looking at on
Pillar 43 is actually this.
This is what you're
looking at, the Milky
Way and the constellations
and the movement
of the sun through it.
That is what you're looking at.
So 12,000 years ago, they
recorded what I showed you
at the beginning that Leonardo
da Vinci recorded in his
painting.
It's exactly the same thing.
Exactly the same angles.
Here's another handbag
from Iran 3,000 BC.
So this is 5,000 years old.
I want you to look
carefully at this image.
You have the two
scorpions on the side.
He's holding these two leopards.
If you put the solar
degrees of Iran on it,
it shows you the degrees.
But if you look at this from the
eye to the skirts, 15 degrees.
From the skirt to the--
from the plane of the skirt
to the eye of the leopard
or the jaguar, 23.5 degrees.
So this is all over the world.
It's showing us the exact same
thing, the exact same knowledge.
This is the oldest Hamza.
Remember I told you, the
eye to the hand to the sky,
this is the secret,
the eye to the hand.
Here's an eye in the
hand, 12,000 years old.
So I took the degrees
of where this was found
and I got the solar ratio.
Check this out if I just put
the solar ratio above that.
They're literally put the
ratio of the sun in the hand.
And also, it's designed at
24 degrees and 15 degrees.
And if we go all the way
to Moundville, Alabama,
you get these things
called the copper gorgets.
And it's also showing you a
hand with the eye in it, right?
It's also showing you
these weird circles.
And check out this
gorget on the right.
It actually shows
you the three steps.
Remember the symbology
of the three steps?
Again, if I took the
yearly path of the sun
for Moundville, Alabama, and I
overlaid it on these circles,
it's 100% match.
Same thing in Chaco canyon,
the sun dagger, it comes over
and it shows you the
sunlight on this petroglyph
at the different
times of the year.
This is, like,
literally everywhere,
the same thing over
and over again.
Mississippi culture,
check out its eye.
23.5 degrees, 45 degrees.
So this is the Birdman
Forked Eye motif.
See the three circles?
It has to do with the eye
of the falcon or Horus.
It's the same, same thing.
It's the sun.
Horus is the falcon.
His body is the upper world.
His eyes are the sun and the
moon looking towards the Eastern
or Western horizon.
So remember, when it's
looking to the east,
it's the birth of the sun.
Looking to the West, it's
the death of the sun.
When it's looking both
ways, it's the equinox.
That's where we get these
double-headed birds symbology.
And this is from Turkey.
And look at the talons.
It's holding these two spheres.
Obviously, I had
to check this out.
So I took the yearly
solar path at 40 degrees.
I got this ratio of the sun.
I put it over it again.
It's a perfect match, 15
degrees, 23.5 degrees,
and the solar ratios are
inside, making this image.
Same thing is found in Peru.
Look at the eyes, the
forked eyes, the serpents.
Now, this is interesting
because on the right
is an artifact
from Karahan Tepe.
And look at the image.
It has this circle on it, the
same three circles and this kind
of 23.5 degree cone.
And it's the same thing that's
found thousands of years later
in America, exactly the same
thing, exactly the same thing.
So we got the fork-eyed motif
at Serpent Mound, Oklahoma,
and the Sumerian
eye tablet 3500 BC.
Same thing.
Look at the eyes.
These are called
eye idols in Sumeria
with the sun, the solar disk
in the center with the rope.
And it's the same thing on
this artifact in America.
Sumerian artifact in America,
but its Native American.
And here's the Uruk
eye idols, which are
the oldest idols in Sumeria.
Some of these go back
over 6,000 years.
And nobody understands
what these are.
They're E.T. They're E.T, right?
So what do I do?
I take the solar path
and I put it over it.
And again, it follows
the exact same principles
as what we've discussed.
Here is a carved guy from Egypt.
Again, this is over 6,000 years
old, over 6,000 years old.
Look at how weird this guy is.
Look at his face.
He's got these two eyes here
and two eyes on the chest.
His face is at 23.5 degrees.
If you take it from the center,
it goes through these two suns,
it's 15 degrees.
But what's even more
amazing about this
is you see on the bottom here,
I put solar path 25.9 degrees
North Dakota, Egypt,
the line degree
at 25.9 degrees of
the summer solstice,
that line is an identical
match to the line of how
they cut the sides of the
body of this artifact.
So think about it.
They put the latitude of the
sun and the tilt of the Earth,
and they encoded it
into the idol artifact.
Now, if you understood that this
teaching-- and you knew this,
if someone gave you this
artifact and you measured it,
you would know where the
temple was on the planet Earth.
It's an ancient GPS system.
And again, it's like,
so here's yearly path
of the sun, 30 degrees.
Egypt, you see how the sun
is pushing the solstice
and the equinox is
down 30 degrees.
If you overlay that on
the Aker Lions, it's--
the whole image is designed to
hide this information of the sun
at that location.
So I'm going to come back,
I'm going to come back
to recent times, the
crucifixion of the Christ
in the monastery
of Kosovo, 1347.
This is on "Ancient
Aliens" all the time,
so I want to show this.
You have these two things
on the side of the image.
They're like spaceships, right?
Let's zoom in on this one.
You have to look carefully.
There's dots on this image.
You see these dots, the ones
at the front of the ship?
This guy's arm is down.
You got four dots up
there, four dots up there,
and these two star things.
23.5 degrees goes
through the eye.
Now, if I put the tilt
at 42 degrees of Kosovo,
it goes through these other
stars and these other marks.
It's like they hid this
information right in the scene.
This one's a little
more complicated.
It's the summer solstice.
It's the blazing sun,
and it has all the angles
hidden within it of 23.5
degrees, and even the hours
and the movement of
the 45 degree angle.
So remember at the beginning, I
talked about the three windows
or the three doors?
Did you see the
doors on the sides?
These two entrances?
If you draw the entrance to
these things, it's 23.5 degrees.
And OK, so you see, one
is the winter solstice.
One is the summer solstice.
One arm is down.
One arm is up.
These are symbolism.
One arm is down.
One arm is up.
This is Mithra, the sun.
These are the light bearers.
Light bearer one is
up-- summer solstice.
Light bearer on the
other side, it's down--
winter solstice.
Mithra is killing the
bull, which is Taurus.
Look what's underneath Taurus--
the scorpion, Scorpio.
Everything we're talking
about, I've just gone--
I don't know how many minutes
I've gone through this,
but everything that I showed
you is exactly the same thing.
I'm just saying this exact
same thing over and over again,
but with different things
over different time.
So are you getting this yet?
[CROWD CHATTER]
OK.
OK, thank you.
[CHUCKLES] So you're
looking-- every image
I'm showing you is exactly
the same, just different ways
of showing this.
Every image is the same, it's
just trying to show you this.
Same thing, it's just
showing you this.
And you-- this is the
most important part of all
mysticism--
you are the reflection
of the universe.
Everything that you see around
you, all the sacred geometry,
the movement of the
stars, the movement
of the sun, the elements,
the natural forces around you
are encoded within
the physical body.
You are the key.
You are the measuring tool.
And that is the
basic understanding
of-- all mysticism comes
back to this understanding.
You are the cosmic person.
And this is the code.
This is all just the code.
So after all this, the
only question that remains
is who taught them this?
Who went around the entire
planet for 12,000 years
and taught civilizations
this language?
It's a language.
It's a hidden language.
Who taught them this?
That is the mystery here.
That is the absolute mystery.
We went through 265
slides, by the way.
265.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
[THEME MUSIC]